Now our new version or our green version is running and configured,
and ready for action.
But we're not quite ready to make the big switch yet.
Remember, one of the things I said we need to pull off for
true continuous delivery is confidence.
Confidence on the part of the decision-makers in your company.
Earlier, we said that one way to build confidence is to perform
smoke tests or spot checks to make sure that things are still working in general.
This might be hitting a couple of endpoints that query a database or
a third party service just to make sure that things are
still wired up, just as an example.
A lot of smoke tests can be automated and still build a lot of confidence.
Another word about confidence,
this doesn't happen overnight.
You got to build trust over time.
As they say, trust is earned.
One way to earn trust is to make sure that you're tracking metrics,
like I mentioned before.
With a history of success and data in hand,
you'll be able to convince decision-makers to allow less and less manual steps.
I hope you're starting to see a pattern unfold here with our CI/CD jobs.
They all have something in common.
A Docker image where the job will run,
SSH keys if needed,
some lines of shell script,
and a place in the order of the workflow.
If you were to build a job that runs some smoke tests,
what would you need to include in that job code?